5.0 - Fix how to change the hostname of the server (#4056)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Fixed the hostname rename page for containers (bsc#1229825)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the hostname rename page for containers in Troubleshooting of
  Administration Guide (bsc#1229825)
```
